
@ Add the Fireworks tool window when openning a java Module.
@ There is a tests list organized as a tree and named "recent test list" in the Fireworks tool window.
@ Enable/disable running tests in the "recent test list" automatically.
    To enable it, you should set value of "Delay time(millisecond)" in the Fireworks configuration form larger than zero.
    To disable it, you should set value of "Delay time(millisecond)" to less than 1.

@ The test result is organized by a table which will pick out the key summary of the test result. The table will only display failed tests result.
@ Add TestCase which is openning or editing into "recent test list".
@ Set up filter regex for filtering name of TestCase which can be added into "recent test list".
@ Press hot key and button to run all tests of the project, which are found by "test class name regex" in the test source folder of the module.
@ Press hot key and button to run tests in the "recent test list".
@ The state of every test in the "recent test list" is showed by icon.
@ The icon of Fireworks tool window will show whether there are tests failed in the "recent test list".
@ Disable/enable Fireworks, Fireworks tool window will be removed and hot key of running tests will be disabled.
@ If there is no test in the "recent test list", Fireworks will be failure state.
@ The result of running tests(all/recent test list) will be displayed in the status bar.

Fireworks Configuration:
	name				default value				description
	Enable fireworks			checked					disable/enable Fireworks
	Run tests max memory		empty					set max memory of running tests(all/recent test list).
										see property "maxmemory" of ant task "java"
	Test class name regex(jdk1.4)		.*Test					value is regex of Java1.4 version. any test name of which
										matches this regex will can
										be added into "recent test list" and will be run as JUnit Test.
	Max size of recent test list		5					max size of "recent test list".
										when a new test will be added into "recent test list" and the
										size of list is equal	with max size,
										Fireworks will remove a test, failed times of which is lest if
										there is no test success or success times of which is largest.
	Delay time(millisecond)		-1					set value to -1 to disable running tests in the "recent test list"
										automatically.
										otherwise, the value will be period time in milliseconds
										between running tests in the "recent test list" automatically.
Hot keys:
	Action							Keystroke		Menu			Keymap
	Run Recent Test List						shift alt K		Run Recent Test List		default
	Run all tests descripted by regex and in the test source folders		shift alt L		Run-Run All Tests		default